[Java 4.9.0] Added Spring Boot 3 compatibility instructions (#1286)
SAP/cloud-sdk: docs-java/getting-started.mdx

You will need an installation of Java and Maven.

:::note Java version compatibility

> The SAP Cloud SDK itself is compatible with Java 8, 11 [and 17 (Spring Boot 3)](guides/dependencies.mdx#spring-boot-3-compatibility).

Reviewer: I would leave out Spring Boot being mentioned here. Soon we will claim support for current TomEE container, or Jetty runtime, ...  - will we mention those too?

```suggestion
The SAP Cloud SDK is compatible with all current Long-Term-Support (LTS) releases of Java: 8, 11, 17.
```

Other Java versions may work as well depending on your setup but are not yet tested by us.

> Note that the SAP Business Technology Platform Cloud Foundry environment only supports Java 8 out of the box but can be configured to also run with Java 11.

Reviewer 2: we should update this and add a step or at least a link how to configure the (SAP) Java Buildpack to run Java 17

Author: how to configure the (SAP) Java Buildpack is only in the faq and not in getting started anymore.

Reviewer 2: these sentences still need an update
